Cip 1035 docs (#11)
cipherstash/eqlpy: reference/VALUE_CLASSES.md

# EQL Value Classes

`eqlpy` includes a low-level interface to manage [EQL](https://github.com/cipherstash/encrypt-query-language) types directly.

> If you're using Django or SQLAlchemy you probably won't need these but you'll want them to implement `eqlpy` for another ORM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Django or SQLAlchemy you probably won't need to use these types. 
If you want to implement `eqlpy` for another ORM, you will need to use these types. 
```
